version-0.0.0.2.md, before:

12/06/2021:

[+] Andesite has been added.   
[+] Basalt has been added.    
[+] Diorite has been added.    
[+] Marble has been added.    
[+] Limestone has been added.   
[+] Added the 5 textures, from what has been added in this update.    
[~] The game was optimized.    

-------------------------

12/09/2021:

[+] The generation of materials has been fixed, previously only diorita was generated.    

-------------------------

12/09/2021 (2):

[+] Previously, the planets were identical, except that it did not use the same generation materials. Now, we have developed a territory generation system, along with the implementation of biomes, which now generate mountains, lakes, caves, and much more. It is impossible to find 2 identical planets, since they are now generated with a biome system, which allows you to shape the terrain. Each new game you play, you will find that the same planet is different from game to game (⚠ This may change in the future ⚠).     
[~] The game was optimized.

-------------------------

12/09/2021 (3):

[=] Previously, biomes were not generated correctly, and no planet was generated, due to this error. This is now fixed.

Commit message:

Update 5 Version 0.0.0.2 [Development Version]
New features were added, and bugs were fixed....

New features, soon...

version-0.0.0.2.md, after:

12/06/2021:

[+] Andesite has been added.   
[+] Basalt has been added.    
[+] Diorite has been added.    
[+] Marble has been added.    
[+] Limestone has been added.   
[+] Added the 5 textures, from what has been added in this update.    
[~] The game was optimized.    

-------------------------

12/09/2021:

[+] The generation of materials has been fixed, previously only diorita was generated.    

-------------------------

12/09/2021 (2):

[+] Previously, the planets were identical, except that it did not use the same generation materials. Now, we have developed a territory generation system, along with the implementation of biomes, which now generate mountains, lakes, caves, and much more. It is impossible to find 2 identical planets, since they are now generated with a biome system, which allows you to shape the terrain. Each new game you play, you will find that the same planet is different from game to game (⚠ This may change in the future ⚠).     
[~] The game was optimized.               

-------------------------

12/09/2021 (3):

[=] Previously, biomes were not generated correctly, and no planet was generated, due to this error. This is now fixed.    

-------------------------

12/21/2021:

[+] Added the generation of 17 planets, using for now only the 14 materials that have been created for now (Planets with the following identifiers: "GS-091-30", "PM-536-07", "WZ-837-10", "LT-850-34", "PT-104-29", "GH-057-78", "UR-517-65", "PE-017-65", "OE-157-06", "QZ-104-05", "IE-517-73", "HB-414-91", "TR-834-80", "HJ-940-87", "GQ-064-10", "IX-586-19", "LK-540-53").            
[=] Due to a bug, previously when opening the recipe book, the game was closed. This is now fixed.
